PAGES : 
	Home page
	Products Page
	Calendar page
	Order history page
	Cart page
	Contact and Location page


Customer features :

1. Shop the desired products from the list. The products will be schedule to deliver to them in the next morning with the milk subscription. If they want some products urgently and if we are available to delivery then they can choose urgent delivery.

Products : 
	1. Milk
	2. yoghurt
	3. Butter
	4. Cream
	5. Ice-Cream
	6. Other

We have to think on the topic that : Is the shopping will be available only to the subscribed customers or all customers.

Shopping for subscribed customer : 
	Go to product list->Add product to cart->Select option (Delivery with milk tomorrow : (if delivery available just now : then with added delivery charges))->Proceed to checkout->[admin will receive the request of product delivery and will deliver the product]

Shopping for unsubscribed customer :
	Go to product list->Add product to cart->if delivery available just now : then with added delivery charges->Proceed to checkout->[admin will recieve the request of product delivery and will deliver the product]


2. Subscription Model and functionalities : 
	*Subscription page navigation option on the home screen
	*On the subscription page we will have users Subscription Start date, end date. (if subscribed)
	*If not a subscriber first time he navigate to that page we will give a popup to him telling (subs for more services)
	*For subscription the interface will be same like the cart interface and then he will subscribe after payment and delivery address added by him/her.
	*On page the interface will be like a calendar type : If subs : He will see the updates of milk taken (icon of milk on the dates he/she took the milk),, if not sub : Will see the empty calendar with no milk icon on it.
	*By clicking on a particular date on the calendar (only on current date or date after it) he/she will get options Cancel milk->Reason submit. So on that day he will not get the milk delivered and there will be a cross on that date.

3. Order history :
	For milk subscription we have the calendar page to keep a track 
	And for purchased products we will have the order history page.

4. Special offers : 
	Will be displayed on the home page and will have a code on it.
	By applying that code person can avail that offer
5. Contact us : 
	User can contact to us through phone number given. 
6. Error Control and recovery : 
	If some things get mess up like if he cancel a day's milk he should be able to undo it till the allocated time.


Admin Specifications and features :

	1. Set Delivery available/not available. If available then ->> Till how much distance range ->> Set the delivery charges
	2. Add special offer and it's promo code which will be displayed on the home page
	3. See the order details
	4. See Order history : up to 1 month
	5. See subscribers : name address phone number. 
	6. See total earnings till now.

ADMIN PAGES :
	Setup Page : Delivery option settings and addition of special offers and discount promo
	Customer View : See all subscribed customers in table format
	Order history : Date wise : Customer name  Product  Price 
	Sales view page : See total earnings till now. 



	